add 'remote signal' to glossary, modify definition of 'signal' (#337)
holochain/docs-pages: src/glossary.md

1. A call that a [client](#client) makes to a [zome function](#zome-function) or [conductor admin API](#conductor-admin-api) function over a local socket interface.
2. A [remote call](#remote-call) between [agents](#agent) in a [network](#network).

#### Remote signal

> A [signal](#signal) that one [cell](#cell) sends to another cell within a [network](#network) that they belong to. The receiver's cell processes the signal by implementing a special [zome function](#zome-function) with the name `recv_remote_signal`.

Reviewer: Maybe one could add another line explaining that it is not persisted and "fire and forget", something like this:
"Remote signals are not persisted to the [DHT](#DHT) and are "fire and forget", meaning that if they don't reach their recipient, they are lost and there will be no attempt to retry."

Author: sure, thanks for the suggestion 👍🏼

Author: I added it to 'signal' instead, cuz it's true of local signals too.

#### Signal

> A message emitted by a [cell](#cell) for another piece of code to act on, either a locally running [client](#client) or a [remote](#remote-signal) cell within the same [network](#network). Signals are 'fire-and-forget'; they are not persisted to any [source chain](#source-chain) or the [DHT](#dht) and will be lost and not retried if they don't reach the intended recipient(s).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A message emitted by a [cell](#cell) for a [client](#client) within the same [network](#network) to act on. Signals can be emitted and received within the same cell, or through a [remote signal](#remote-signal) be sent from one cell to other agents. All signals are 'fire-and-forget'; they are not persisted to any [source chain](#source-chain) or the [DHT](#dht) and will be lost and not retried if they don't reach the intended recipient(s).
```

Author: Evidently I'm not receiving GitHub updates, sorry I let this thread go dead. While another cell on the network is technically a client, I've been reserving that word for things that live outside of Holochain. I'm happy to have my mind changed, but it'll have to be a larger project -- lots of edits to the Core Concepts, etc.
